Add geometry check and fix angle algorithms (#9773)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/checkgeometry.rst

.. _checkgeometry_algorithms:

Check Geometry
===============

.. only:: html

   .. contents::
      :local:
      :depth: 1

.. _qgischeckgeometryangle:

Check geometry (Angle)
----------------------

> Checks the angles of line or polygon geometries.

Reviewer: That's great!

I have also been more explicit on the processing descriptions in the currently open PRs, than on the first algorithms available, like the angle one.

I think to add a PR later, that will enhance the descriptions.

:seealso: :ref:`qgisfixgeometryangle`

Parameters
..........

Basic parameters
................

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Input layer**
     - ``INPUT``
     - [vector: line, polygon]
     - Layer with the geometries to check
   * - **Unique feature identifier**
     - ``UNIQUE_ID``
     - [tablefield: any]
     - Field storing unique values for feature identification

>    * - **Minimum angle**

Author: I reworded this. I think we have enough space for that.

Reviewer: 👍🏼

     - ``MIN_ANGLE``
     - [numeric: double]
     - Allowed minimum angle between adjacent segments in a feature's geometry.
       Any angle below this threshold is reported as error.
   * - **Error layer**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]

       Default: ``[Create temporary layer]``
     - Specification of the output layer containing the errors location.
       One of:

       .. include:: ../algs_include.rst
          :start-after: **layer_output_types**
          :end-before: **end_layer_output_types**

   * - **Output layer**
     - ``OUTPUT``
     - [vector: any]

>        Default: ``[Create temporary layer]``

Author: How about making this output skipable? You don't necessary need this, right?

>      - Specification of the output layer contained erroneous input features.

Author: ```suggestion
     - Specification of the output layer containing erroneous input features only.
```

       One of:

       .. include:: ../algs_include.rst
          :start-after: **layer_output_types**
          :end-before: **end_layer_output_types**

Advanced parameters
...................

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Tolerance**
     - ``TOLERANCE``
     - [numeric: integer]

       Default: 8

>      - 

Reviewer: The tolerance is the order of magnitude with which the geometry computations are made.

8 means that we have an epsilon of 10^-8

So for instance, if a point is at a distance of another point of less than epsilon, they are considered on the same coordinates.

@lbartoletti could you maybe confirm and/or precise please? I think it is in map unit?

>      - 

Reviewer 2: Yes

Outputs
.......

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Error layer**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: any]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and information
       (the ID and name of the input layer, the ID, geometry part, ring and vertex index of the erroneous feature,

>        x and y coordinates and value of the erroneous angle)

Reviewer: Yes!
